==Project Overview==

Welcome to Collider++!

==Getting Started==

===Dependencies===

* [http://www.boost.org/ Boost 1.53.0] for the network sending/receiving. You WILL need to build some of the non-header only libraries. Following the basic build and install process under section 5 here [http://www.boost.org/doc/libs/1_53_0/more/getting_started/unix-variants.html] will do the trick.

* [http://supercollider.sourceforge.net/downloads/ scsynth] (The audio engine half of the SuperCollider IDE). This is the audio engine that this library is designed to interface with. It can run on the local machine or on a remote machine. More than one server can be instantiated on one or many machines and can be controlled from a single client app. 
** On Mac, d/l the latest SuperCollider IDE installer. You can run the SuperCollider IDE app and manually boot the server, or, extract the scsynth binary from the app bundle, using Show Package Contents, along with the necessary plugin files, and run from the terminal.
** On Linux, I highly recommend building the latest version from source. I've done this successfully on Ubuntu 12.04 LTS. Detailed instructions to follow. 
**<pre> ex: ./scsynth -u 57110 -U . </pre> This will run scsynth with listening port 57110 using the plugins folder in the same directory, assuming you have it there.

===Building and Installing===

# Install the dependencies above, if you haven't already done so
# Get the Collider++ source code from the [https://github.com/colliderplusplus/colliderplusplus Github repository:]<pre>git clone git://github.com/colliderplusplus/colliderplusplus.git</pre>
# cd to the root directory of the repo
# Compile with <pre>make</pre>
#* The location of the Boost library headers and necessary libraries can be changed by setting BOOST_INCLUDE_DIR and BOOST_LIB_DIR respectively <pre>make BOOST_INCLUDE_DIR=/path/to/boost/headers/</pre>
#* If everything goes well, the library can be found in the newly created build folder
#** <pre>Linux: build/libcollider++.so</pre>
#** <pre>Mac: build/libcollider++.dylib</pre>
#* With sudo priviledges, you can install with <pre>make install</pre>
#* The install the directory can be changed by setting INSTALL_DIR <pre>make install INSTALL_DIR=/install/path</pre>